Document new opcodes. (#40)
AleoHQ/ARCs: arc-0002/README.md

***

### `block.height`

[Back to Top](#Instruction-Greensheet)

#### Description

Returns the height of the block within the finalize scope.
Currently, block height is the only supported property.

#### Example Usage

```aleo
assert.eq block.height 1337;
```

***

### `branch.eq`

[Back to Top](#Instruction-Greensheet)

#### Description

> The `branch.eq` command, e.g. `branch.eq <first> <second> to <destination>`, which branches execution to the [position](#position) indicated by `destination` if `first` and `second` are equal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The command `branch.eq <first> <second> to <destination>` branches execution to the [position](#position) indicated by `destination` if `first` and `second` are equal.  This command is restricted to the finalize scope, and the destination must follow the command.  Backward branches are not currently supported.
```

| First     | Second    | Destination |
|-----------|-----------|-------------|
| `Address` | `Address` | `Position`  |
| `Boolean` | `Boolean` | `Position`  |
| `Field`   | `Field`   | `Position`  |
| `Group`   | `Group`   | `Position`  |
| `I8`      | `I8`      | `Position`  |
| `I16`     | `I16`     | `Position`  |
| `I32`     | `I32`     | `Position`  |
| `I64`     | `I64`     | `Position`  |
| `I128`    | `I128`    | `Position`  |
| `U8`      | `U8`      | `Position`  |
| `U16`     | `U16`     | `Position`  |
| `U32`     | `U32`     | `Position`  |
| `U64`     | `U64`     | `Position`  |
| `U128`    | `U128`    | `Position`  |
| `Scalar`  | `Scalar`  | `Position`  |
| `Struct`  | `Struct`  | `Position`  |
| `Record`  | `Record`  | `Position`  |

***

### `branch.neq`

[Back to Top](#Instruction-Greensheet)

#### Description

> The `branch.neq` command, e.g. `branch.neq <first> <second> to <destination>`, which branches execution to the [position](#position) indicated by `destination` if `first` and `second` are not equal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The command `branch.neq <first> <second> to <destination>` branches execution to the [position](#position) indicated by `destination` if `first` and `second` are not equal.  This command is restricted to the finalize scope, and the destination must follow the command.  Backward branches are not currently supported.
```
